fix(ES-679): remove zero-valued Content-Length (#7239)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: .changeset/yellow-ladybugs-add.md

---
"@vue-storefront/sdk": patch
---

> [FIXED]: Bug that encounters when request was send with header `Content-Length` equals 0, then Next.js server blows up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[FIXED]** Bug that encounters when a request was sent with header `Content-Length` equals 0, then Next.js server blows up.
```
